## grimoire-elk 0.109.0 - (2023-10-20)

**New features:**

 * Anonymize repository URLs in graal backend\
   The raw data generated by the graal backend had non-anonymized URLs on
   the meta fields 'origin' and 'tag'. This was necessary to generate
   enriched data for non-public repositories.
 * Bug description in Bugzilla\
   Include the description of the bugs in Bugzilla. The new fields are
   'description' and 'description_analyzed'. The second allows to query
   any of the words of the description.
 * SortingHat backend name per data source\
   Allow to define the name of the backend for the identities stored in
   SortingHat. From now on github2 is renamed as github in SortingHat
   identities.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Individual `id` incorrectly assigned\
   Correct a bug that results in enriched items using the individual ID
   as the identity ID, and vice versa.
 * Error in OpenSearch response stops demography study\
   Fix an issue that stops demography study when OpenSearch occasionally
   provides a response without some expected fields.
 * Undefined identities in GitHub comments\
   Fix a bug that causes certain identities from commentaries to not be
   imported into SortingHat, resulting in them appearing as UNDEFINED in
   OpenSearch.

**Dependencies updateds:**

 * Add Python 3.9 and 3.10 and drop 3.7 support\
   Python 3.7 reached the end of life phase on June 27 2023 and is no
   longer supported.
 * Bump urllib3 version\
   Bump urllib3 from ^1.26 to ^2.0.7
 * Remove Python pymsql dependency\
   Remove the dependency with PyMySQL because it is not used anymore.

