## GrimoireELK 0.101.0 - (2022-06-03)

**New features:**

 * Anonymize parameters\
   A new API function `anonymize_params(params)` allows to anonymize a
   list of parameters that developers might consider secrets. It will
   only take effect for those parameters which their names are defined on
   `SECRET_PARAMETERS` constant.
 * Dependencies file for development\
   Include a new requirements.txt file to install the development version
   from the repositories.
 * Support to add identities to SortingHat from Enrich class\
   New methods `add_identities` and `add_identity` are available on
   `Enrich` class to add new identities to a `SortingHat` database.
   Libraries using `elk` won't need to use `sortinghat` library to store
   new identities while enriching items.
 * Collect and enrich confluence by spaces\
   Users can collect and enrich Confluence data from specific spaces
   only, adding the option `--spaces=[SPACE1, SPACE2, ...]` to their
   `projects.json`. The following example shows how to collect and to
   enrich data from only the `DEV` and `SUPP` spaces only. ``` {
   "project": {         "confluence": [             "http://example.com
   --spaces=[DEV, SUPP]"         ]     } } ```
 * Add demographic study to mattermost\
   Add the demographic study to the mattermost data source.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Skip sources with wrong arguments\
   Sources won't interrupt collection or enrichment processes when any of
   their arguments are invalid. Instead, they will be skipped.
 * Git fix 'is_git_commit_multi_author'\
   This fixes the `is_git_commit_multi_author` field when the commit has
   more than one author and `pair-programming` is enabled. This is
   important for calculating `pair_programming_*` values.
 * SortingHat as a required package\
   SortingHat is required for running grimoireelk but it was set as an
   extra dependency. From now on sortinghat is always installed with
   grimoireelk.
 * Confluence credentials not stored in raw indexes\
   Credentials for Confluence datasource were stored in raw indices as
   part of the URL. For now on, credentials that are part of URLs are
   removed before any data is stored.

**Feature removals:**

 * Drop Python 3.6 support\
   Python 3.6 reached the end of life at the end of 2021. This means it
   won't receive new updates or patches to fix security issues.
   Therefore, this package will only work with Python >= 3.7 from now on.
 * FINOS Meeting backend removed\
   FINOS Meeting backend is not supported anymore. The Perceval backend
   was archived in Bitergia repository so it shouldn't be part of the
   core anymore because it's software not maintained.

