## grimoire-elk 1.4.0 - (2025-09-23)

**New features:**

 * Increased minimum version for Python to 3.10\
   Python 3.9 reaches the end of life in October 2025. This means it
   won't receive new updates or patches to fix security issues.
   GrimoireLab supports Python 3.10 and higher from now on.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Size parameter for Areas of code\
   Include block_size parameter to the Areas of code study. It allows a
   better control over data processing in chunks, and allow to define a
   lower value when the items to process are big.
 * GitHub types unified\
   The item types for pull requests in the GitHub indices had different
   values. While in `github_pull_requests` the type was `pull request`,
   the type in `github2_pull_request` was `pull_request` (with
   underscore). We have fixed this bug unifing the type to
   `pull_request`. You will have to re-enrich indices in your instance to
   update old items.
 * Sync AOC and Git raw indexes error\
   An error occurred in the Areas of Code study, where syncing the AOC
   and the Git raw index caused an infinite loop due to using different
   dates for filtering
 * [github/raw] huge term in data.auto_merge.commit_message handled\
   This fixes a potential huge term in the "data.auto
   merge.commit_message" field during the `github2:pull` backend's
   collection phase by converting the field to text.
 * Missing creation_date field in Bugzilla\
   For some Bugzilla bugs, the creation date was unavailable. In these
   cases, the first activity date is now used to display the bug's
   creation date.

**New deprecations:**

 * ElasticSearch 6 no longer supported\
   Elasticsearch 6 is outdated and no longer receives updates. To
   continue development with new features and support for later versions
   of Elasticsearch and OpenSearch, we have had to drop support for ES 6.

